Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again today.
I just want to tell y'all thank you for joining us and praying with us and being here so promptly.
I'm going to go over some things from what the Lord showed us in this last video, but I want to say this right off the bat: I have to apologize.
I was corrected by the Spirit of the Lord today.
I went about last night, some of the things I said and how I criticized President Trump, and the Lord said I dishonored him.
I want to say this: I apologize for my opinion and how I present myself and some of the things I say when I criticize him.
Because of things that the Lord had talked to me privately about, I brought them up publicly, and there were things that I shouldn't have said.
Me and Him, we have these conversations, but what we say doesn't mean it's for the public.
Does that make sense?
Like my wife and I have conversations we don't bring out in public; you just have private conversations.
That's the way it is with the Lord.
There are certain things I said about his voting and the past that I owe apologies for, and the Lord corrected me very sternly.
He said, 'Brandon, the more your platform has influence and the more it grows, you're going to be held accountable more and more for what you say.
You can't just flippantly say things out of your mouth.
This is a public forum; there are millions of people watching.
' So, for everybody in the government, I'm going to tell you this: I apologize for how I handle myself sometimes.
You know what I'm learning?
I'm growing and I am immature in how I handle some things.
I just want to say that I ask you to overlook certain things.
I'm growing—growing pains is what I want to call it.
Was that anybody else telling me to say that?
No, it was the Holy Spirit.
He corrected me very sternly today.
I was out letting my dog go to the bathroom, and the Lord corrected me.
It was a very heavy correction.
So, anytime the Lord corrects me to the strength that He did today, I want to always be quick to repent and make it right.
I don't even know if I could make that right other than just say, 'Listen, I was wrong.
' My opinion and the conversations I have with the Father just need to—I need to learn how to filter better.
So, like I said, with all that being said, I pray for grace from all y'all.
There was not even anybody who said anything.
It was interesting; it was just from the Lord.
But I'm always quick to make it right.
Be quick to repent and turn from things when the Holy Spirit corrects you.
In doing so, I've continued to do that.
That's why I believe that if you keep a heart right before Him, He'll keep using you.
Now, praying over President Trump's decisions and the council, when I heard him talking about Taiwan and China—can you make sure what's that beeping noise in the back?
It's really loud.
Do you hear the beep, beep, beep?
When I heard in the meeting what was being said, President Trump confirmed what we heard in the Spirit 24 hours ago.
He confirmed it today in the news.
It was told that Xi Jinping asked him directly—the president of China asked him directly—'Will you stand in resistance if we take Taiwan?
' and President Trump would not answer.
And you're about to hear that.
So, what did I hear?
I heard that China was going to take Taiwan as we took Cuba in the days ahead.
I saw the President liberating Cuba in the days ahead, and that there would be a financial blessing over Cuba for the first time in decades.
They would liberate the tyrant government that has been over them, and Rubio will slay his tens of thousands and the chameleon will slay his thousands, and there will be jealousy between the two as one rises up in the polls and people say, 'We want him.
We want David as our president next.
' The one will be jealous of it and he'll have his thousands, but the one will have his tens of thousands.
And I saw him becoming very polished in the days ahead, Rubio.
And I saw an anointing on him, and I saw Byron, the black man that has the beard—I saw that God was putting an anointing on this man.
And I saw the number 25%.
The Lord said, 'There are things that need to be corrected, but it's not much.
I will use this man in the days ahead.
' Do you know who I'm talking about?
You can show his picture if you want, but I saw Byron.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to touch his life.
' I saw DeSantis was 50/50.
He was not as good as what he portrays, but he was a 50/50 mix.
And the Lord said Rubio was not; his heart was more pliable.
And He said, 'Pray for these men.
I saw them becoming the cabinet of the next administration.
' That's what I was praying for.
I saw the African-American man.
People get mad and say, 'Brandon, you say racial things.
' Listen, I'm just a Southern boy.
I don't know nothing about trying to be racist.
I love all colors.
I love blacks, whites, Chinese, Asians—I love all of you.
Brandon Biggs doesn't have racism in his bones.
I love you.
It's because I'm trying to be politically correct, trying to talk in front of hundreds of thousands of people, and I may butcher things.
Then people say, 'Well, we're not African-Americans; we're just Africans.
' Well, I'm ignorant, okay?
So forgive me.
But I do the best I can with what I know.
I saw this man rise up like a vice president in the days ahead.
I saw that there would be a strong pull for him—this man right here.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for him.
' And that's when I was talking about the restoration and the restitution of making wrongs right for a true African-American who is going to rise up.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to restore back what the cankerworm ate.
' Obama had a white mama, but he's a true black man.
And the Lord said, 'Watch what I do with this man.
' And I saw a blessing on him.
So you pray for him because with that target on you in the spirit realm, the enemy would try to derail it.
The enemy knows what's being prophesied and he doesn't want him to succeed.
So we're going to pray for him.
We pray for a covering over that man Byron, just like how I told you about President Trump.
God has him in the office, and the enemy does not want him to fulfill what God has called him to do.
There's a covering over him, and He said he must make it across the finish line.
There are things that God has appointed him to accomplish that have to be accomplished, and Cuba is one of them.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to liberate the people.
' And I saw old grandmas praying.
They had prayer shawls.
They looked like they were Catholic nuns.
And they were weeping before the Lord as there was liberation coming to set the people of Cuba free.
And the Lord said, 'In the days ahead, watch.
Keep praying for what I'm about to do with Cuba.
' Okay?
And we keep bringing that up.
We keep bringing it up, and I said, "It's coming.
" The Lord keeps—the visions are very colorful.
They're very, very vibrant.
That means they're getting closer and closer.
There's something about to happen.
This is why the Lord keeps having us pray for this.
But I saw Taiwan; I saw a two-year window.
Do you remember I told you that I heard President Trump say—and I don't know if this was his thoughts, and I don't want to be invasive, but I heard it—"All we need is two years.
We don't need their chips.
We'll make our own chips.
We will create chips in America.
All we need now is two years and we will develop our own chips.
" Do you have it?
Yeah.
I don't know if he said all that, but yeah.
You said chips.
"We don't need...
" Yeah.
Well, I didn't say it because I'm trying to be careful.
Yes.
So, I'm saying it today.
So, I saw a two-year window.
I saw a two-year window.
And the Lord said, "Do they?
" And so I saw why President Trump was trying to keep the dragon at bay, cracking his whip.
Okay?
I saw China cracking his whip.
Like, "Listen," and then President Trump said, "We're 8,000 or 9,000 miles away.
We're a long way.
" That's why I said, "Pray for Hawaii.
Pray for Hawaii because I saw a Pearl Harbor event taking place in Hawaii by China.
It was Midway, a mid-ground for our bases there to go off and try to protect.
So as I saw that protection there, it was a two-year window—praying over a two-year window because the Trump administration—praying over his covering over him—it has about two and a half years left.
So what we would have left of what I'm seeing, what we're praying over, is China taking it, but we would have our own chips.
And that was him manufacturing here in America: Texas, probably Oklahoma, whatever in the southern states where we're not crazy like some of the Democratic states are charging so many taxes.
So that's what we're trying to play or not because it's a distraction.
Go ahead.
Well, yeah.
When I see it spinning, Trump wants to pull back and he'll start to focus on this.
Oh, and I see Taiwan in the midst of it.
I see Taiwan in the midst of it bartering pieces.
Do you understand?
Trump's going to make his own chips.
Do you hear?
We don't need Taiwan.
That's what he...
and I don't mean that trying to—Chapter 2: Find scriptures to stand on—I'm just telling you what I heard.
I see it.
We pray for the people of Taiwan.
That's what we got to do.
I'm just called to fear God, not man.
So I got quiet because the Lord rebuked me right there and he said, "You fear me, not them.
" Because I was concerned about what Taiwan people would be saying because of what Trump had—about what he said.
And so that's why I was correcting that because in my heart, I was thinking more about what they were thinking than the prophetic word of what the Lord was showing me, saying, "Trump, this is what Trump said: 'We don't need Taiwan.
We have our own chips.
All we need is two years.
'" And then I was more feeling about the people's feelings.
And the Lord said, "Fear me, not them.
" And he corrected me.
I'm just being real.
That's what was going on right there.
I got rebuked again right then.
So the Lord showed us more about that.
Now, this is what was said about Taiwan today and President Trump just had this meeting.
Go ahead.
But China made clear that Taiwan is very important to them.
And after your first meeting here, President Xi's spokesman put out a statement to the media saying this: "The Taiwan question is the most important issue in China-US relations.
If it is handled properly, the bilateral relationship will enjoy overall stability.
Otherwise, the two countries will have clashes and even conflicts, putting the entire relationship in great jeopardy.
" You were still inside the meeting when that came out.
That sounded almost like a threat.
Was it communicated that way behind closed doors?
No.
And no, it wasn't.
Not at all.
But it has always been their most important issue.
And it's not a takeover.
They just don't want to see this place—we'll call it a place because nobody knows how to define it—but they don't want to see it go independent.
They don't want to do it.
And I think they probably would do something pretty harsh and then they would be met harshly and bad things will happen.
So no, it's not that.
We talked, by the way—last night we talked a whole night about that issue.
I think I know more about Taiwan right now than I know about almost any country.
He dominated the talk.
It's always been his most important thing from the day I knew him years ago.
I've known him now 11, 12 years.
It's always been the biggest thing for him: Taiwan.
Now with me, I don't think they'll do anything when I'm here.
When I'm not here, I think they might, to be honest with you.
So, I'm not sure that they do anything if it remained as is, but they have somebody there now that wants to go independent.
Well, it's a risky thing when you go independent.
You know, they're going independent because they want to get into a war and they want to—they figure they have the United States behind them.
I'd like to see it stay the way it is.
And I'll tell you something, I'll make a little news.
I'd like to see everybody making chips over in Taiwan come to America because, to be honest with you, I think it's the greatest thing you can do because it's a heated situation.
There's no question about it.
And as you know, we have massive amounts of chip companies now from Taiwan already coming in.
We expect to have 40 to 50% of the world chip business by the end of my term.
And I think it should be even more than that.
I think all of those chip companies—if they're smart, they're going to start heading to Arizona and the places where they're building.
That's going to solve your problem.
So do you see that?
It's what we saw in the spirit.
That was what I was seeing.
And then they had the meeting and they had this interview, and this is what the Lord said: "We don't need Taiwan.
" That's what he was saying.
"We have our own chips.
" And that was the whole reason why America was back in Taiwan.
And they were moving into America.
And that's why I said, "Pray for Taiwan," because I saw them being—I saw a mother hen bringing the island to her, trying to infiltrate South Korea through the politics, through North Korea, through the Philippines, through all of Japan, trying to bring them in like a mother hen.
And that's why I warned you—how many times do you remember me saying this?
They said, "Watch what China does.
" And I saw China turning their back on the Ukraine-Russia thing that's going on.
And I saw—remember I said I see a panda bear?
Then I saw a turtle.
I saw a dove with a wounded chest.
I saw two black crows.
I saw a robin, and the robin had wounded the dove.
The two black crows were standing there by the dove, and they were looking at the dove that was perished on the ground with its heart ripped out.
And I said this is symbolic of people.
And I saw the panda turn its back upon Russia and Ukraine, and I said he was gazing towards Taiwan, and it said, "It's our time.
We want to take Taiwan now.
" And Xi Jinping is talking about it, and that's all they're talking about.
That was three weeks ago, two weeks ago at the most.
Maybe it was last week.
And I said, "You're going to see an acceleration concerning Taiwan in the days ahead.
Pray over Taiwan.
Watch.
" And now this is all they're—"Are you going to stand in our way if we do this?
" Okay.
But I saw as we took Cuba and liberated Cuba and made them prosperous and blessed and got rid of the government they have and set up hotels and churches and blessing.
That's why we are praying for certain pastors in Miami, because they are already setting up.
They're already walking by faith.
They know what's coming.
I've talked to them on the phone; they already know what's coming.
God is about to do something huge in Cuba.
So you don't wait until it happens.
You're not going to be reactive; you're proactive, right?
So you're already getting your stuff ready because you know what God's about to do in this end-time move.
You're not going to wait until it happens, because then you're already too late.
You want to be the forerunners for the greatest move of God we've ever seen in this modern-day era.
Watch what God is about to do with the greatest revival.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm just excited to be a part of it.
Go ahead and play the video concerning Cuba.
Did you find anything about that, son?
Was the panda bear talking about that?
Okay, this is the panda bear.
When was that?
April 30th, two weeks ago.
The panda bear is devising a plan of its own with a box.
The panda bear has a box and is looking over because he doesn't want you to see it.
He has his head down and he's looking in the box, but he has a plan of his own.
He's turning his back on Putin; he's turning his back on everyone else and has a plan by himself.
The evil-looking panda is wrapped in their flag and it's talking to the dragon Kim Jong-un as they gaze upon Taiwan.
Do you see?
I said, 'Yeah, they gaze upon it.
' Taiwan is glowing with yellow lights.
And the panda is licking its lips.
The panda is licking its lips—his big long tongue—and he's licking his lips.
Well, praise the Lord.
Father, we just praise you tonight for what you've shown us.
Lord, we thank you that we will pray over this and continue to pray over this.
That's when he stopped; that's why I stopped and started.
Thank you, Lord.
Right now, son, it's a good number.
Always pray with me; there is so much more time.
That's when it lifted, because I said they were licking their lips.
They're about to try to take Taiwan and they'll use North Korea.
He was talking to the dragon.
Every single time I see over North Korea, it's that red dragon wrapped around there.
It has tight claws down in those people.
But that was before I saw the dove, the cardinal, the two black crows, and the turtle.
The Lord said, 'Look at these.
' It was symbolic of different people in Europe.
So, let's see what they said about Cuba today.
Do you have anything real quick?
Okay, go ahead.
Let's listen to Rubio real quick.
We're trying to make it quick for y'all.
'In the case of Cuba, it is a very different situation.
There is no economy in Cuba.
To the extent there's any wealth in Cuba, it doesn't go to the people.
It doesn't even go to the government.
The wealth is controlled by a private company owned by military generals.
They take all the money; they're sitting on billions of dollars.
This is a country where people are literally now eating garbage from the streets, but they have a company that controls all of the money-making there.
That's sitting on 15 to 16 billion dollars.
So, it's a broken, non-functional economy and it's impossible to change it.
I wish it were different, but I believe—it's my personal opinion—you cannot change the economic trajectory of Cuba as long as the people who are in charge of it now are in charge.
That's what's going to have to change because these people have proven incapable.
I hope I'm wrong.
We'll give them a chance, but I don't think it's going to happen.
I don't think we're going to be able to change the trajectory of Cuba as long as these people are in charge in that regime.
' That's interesting.
And then the CIA posted this.
Now, there was more to what I saw about that and the boxes concerning where they raided the office and then him going to Cuba.
After they raided the office, they went through it and the Lord said, 'Remember Kennedy?
Remember Kennedy?
The Kennedy curse?
' There was something so much darker to this and the Lord would not allow me to release it, especially publicly.
I will say it like this: it's like Jason Bourne.
Go ahead.
You have video?
No, it's not video; it's CIA pictures.
They blurred out their faces.
There are people there gardening.
There are things going on.
The CIA shows up right before, I believe, we invade.
Something major is about to go down.
And when it happens, we'll be on here live praying with you all.
We'll pray for them.
It's going to happen.
I'm telling you, it's going to happen.
I just believe with all my heart that God is about to do something major with this, and people are going to be upset about it.
Everybody will say, 'Oh well, he's a war criminal' and all these things.
But I'm telling you, it's about the revival.
You're looking at something so small that you can see just on the news and what fake news is telling you, but the bottom line is it's about a liberation of a people to have a major revival.
We're running out of time.
You are still looking at your little plan of what you're going to do with your family—you're going to have a little house on the hill, a little cottage, maybe three or four kids, have a nice little car, your 401k.
But I'm trying to tell you, Jesus Christ is coming.
His main mission right now is to save that which was lost.
And we're running out of time.
Right now He's going into the places that have been secluded, where there are great strongholds of witchcraft.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to deal with the witchcraft.
I'm going to deal with the witchcraft in Africa.
I'm going to deal with the witchcraft in South America.
I'm going to deal with it over Brazil, over Venezuela, Colombia, and so on and so on.
' A major move of God is coming and a liberation of the people who have been bullied.
God will use a wrecking ball like Trump to come in and wreak havoc—not just for finances and everything else, but the bottom line is it's about bringing in the harvest.
And the Lord said, 'It won't be war in North Korea.
I'm going to deal with Kim Jong-un himself and it will be like Pharaoh.
' So get ready, because God is about to shake this world.
We're out of time.
And what's the most valuable thing to the Lord?
Do you know how much money you have in the bank, how many zeros you have in your account?
If you're a billionaire, if you're the richest person in the world?
No, it's not; it's a tool.
His main thing that He suffered and died for was souls—for you, for me—that none should perish but all come to repentance.
What does God value the most?
You and me, His kids.
He did everything He could do to save that which was lost.
But He doesn't send you to hell; you send yourself to hell when you don't accept Him as Lord and Savior.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.
Unless a woman is born again, she cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.
But the Lord didn't send you to hell.
You will send yourself to hell if you don't repent and turn from your wicked ways.
There is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
I say it over and over again because we're running out of time.
I talked to somebody and they said they're getting to talk at the prayer meeting on Sunday, the 17th.
They get to talk for two minutes and I said, 'What an opportunity!
' Two minutes at the prayer breakfast, the prayer vigil, or whatever—the rededication with Trump.
This individual gets to talk for two minutes.
What are you going to say in that two-minute time to tell those masses of people, all those thousands and tens of thousands of people who show up for that?
From the reporters all the way down, you have a two-minute thing.
I remember Reinhard Bonnke.
He went to an old disco back in the early '70s.
There was a disco where he was holding a revival, and there were only adults at this revival.
He said, "Where are the young people at?
" And the guy said, "Let me take you to where all the young people are.
" He drove his car up to this place, and it was a disco; they were all in there jamming and having a good time.
He said, "Oh no, all the young people are in the disco, and they're dancing and doing bad, immoral things.
" So he went to the guy that owns the disco and he said, "I'm a missionary from Germany and I have an important message I want to tell the people here.
" He asked for five minutes.
The owner gave him five minutes.
He said, "You can't do it tonight, but you come back tomorrow at midnight and you have five minutes.
" One guy wasn't going to let him talk, but the Holy Spirit worked on his heart.
So that next night he walked into this disco, this club, and within those five minutes he spoke.
The Holy Spirit fell so strong in there that there wasn't a dry eye in the whole building, and all of them gave their hearts to Jesus Christ in those five minutes when Reinhard Bonnke was speaking.
The next time he went back to that place, there was a massive cross on the building, and they had closed down the disco and turned it into a church because everybody got born again and they sold it to a church.
It just takes a moment for Jesus to touch your life.
All he needs is five minutes.
All he needs is two minutes with the right person behind those two minutes.
Whenever you're speaking with the Holy Spirit, he will flood in within just a couple of seconds.
All it takes is just one minute, one second for Jesus to turn and make your life totally different within just that moment of time.
He can save you just by you saying, "Jesus, have mercy on me.
I repent.
Come into my life.
" How many seconds does that take?
It doesn't take God much.
We think it's going to take years for us to turn around, but all it takes is just one moment for the Holy Spirit to light and set your heart on fire for him.
All it takes is just one second.
Is this your one second right now, as we see the day approaching and we know the time is running out?
Is this your one second?
I say it again: unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Last night, we had well over 71 people give their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Tonight's your night.
How many are here tonight and you tell me, "Brandon, I see all the things going on in the news and I'm at the end of my rope.
I know I'm not living right.
I've been backsliding.
I'm living wrong.
I'm sleeping around.
I'm going to the strip clubs.
I'm doing things that I know I should not be doing.
" But I know that tonight you're watching me on a Friday night and you're alone.
You're needing some prayer.
You're having depression, you're having anxiety, you're having all these things.
I don't know what you're going through.
You may be in self-harm mode, thinking, "I shouldn't live anymore.
" You're having these bad, evil thoughts, but it's not a coincidence that you clicked on me right now and you're here going, "Man, will you just pray for me?
" Jesus can turn your life around on a dime.
Jesus can turn your life around and take your situation and turn it from what the devil meant for bad.
God will turn it around for good if you just give your life over to him and say, "Jesus, I surrender all to you.
" But he's a gentleman.
That's what's amazing about him.
Even whenever he corrects me, he says, "Hey, you missed it.
" He's not mean, but to whom much is given, much is required.
So I go into all the world even tonight and preach the gospel and tell the people that Jesus Christ is coming.
But if you're here tonight and you tell me, "Brandon, will you please pray for me?
I'm having a real hard time right now.
I'm strung out on drugs, porn, alcohol, or whatever.
You may be strung out on meth.
" Weed's become legal, so people are smoking weed all the time and they're high all the time.
Well, it's legal.
Well, so is alcohol; you can stay drunk, too.
And you walk around in a daze because you're just smoking dope all the time.
You even drive high now; everybody is driving around high.
You can smell it blowing out of their cars in Oklahoma.
That's not a way to live.
He died for you to live victoriously.
He died for you to have your head held high.
He died for you because he knows there's potential in you, and he knows that he has a greater future for you.
He has a plan more than what you know of your past; he knows your future.
And he knows every hair on your head.
And he says, "Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
" The moment you confess him, the moment you surrender all to him, you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and he has a mansion built for you in glory and you'll spend eternity with him in paradise.
The moment you confess him—am I saying it's easy to walk a Christian life all the time?
No, but it's worth it.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
I'm not a religious person.
Now, people will be saying, "I'm all into religion.
" Well, that's on you; that's fine.
But it's not me.
I'm into a relationship.
I like sitting at his feet and talking to him because he'll tell you the secret things.
He'll talk about sports, the weather, politics, and investments.
"Hey, you do this and you'll make some money.
" Oh, he wouldn't do that?
Yes, he does, but you're too small-minded.
It's not your grandma's religion; it's called a relationship.
So if that's talking to you tonight and you're telling me, "Brandon, will you please pray for me?
Tonight's my night.
I want to be born again.
I don't want to go to hell.
I know I've been living wrong.
Will you just pray for me?
" Jesus died for you publicly.
I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
" And if I'm talking to you, you tell me, "Brandon, pray for me.
I need help.
I can't keep living this way.
My marriage is bad.
My girlfriend broke up with me.
My boyfriend broke up with me.
Whatever.
I'm having a really hard time right now.
Will you just pray for me?
" I'll pray for you, but you need to surrender all to Jesus.
You need to give him all.
Just say this simple prayer: "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Jesus, as of tonight, I repent for any idol worship.
I repent for worshiping the devil.
If there are some of you there who are Satanists: I repent.
I denounce Satan.
I denounce Buddha.
I denounce Muhammad.
I denounce whoever I may be worshiping, and I sell out to you, Jesus.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
There will be no other one before you.
Tonight's my night.
I dedicate my all to you.
And I thank you, Lord, that I confess my sins.
You are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
I believe I'm born again.
I believe I'm saved.
And if I were to die tonight, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Lord, thank you that you wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And today, behold, all things have been made new.
I believe I receive my forgiveness by faith in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that simple prayer and you believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God and he rose again on the third day, I believe that you are born again.
I believe it's just simple.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Go to a Bible-believing church that preaches the word of God.
Don't go to some church that's watered down and lukewarm.
Get into a church that's on fire and tell that pastor there, "Listen, I got born again watching some baldheaded guy on YouTube.
I need to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized and get plugged into that church.
Read your Bible every single day and pray.
If you don't have a Bible, I will send you a Bible for free just to be a blessing to you, just to say, "Welcome to the family.
" All you have to do is email us at the address in the description below.
Put your name, your address, and the information on how to send it to you, and we will send it to you for free.
We won't bother you ever again.
We just want to love on you and tell you, "Welcome to the family.
" And so to all of you that are here and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ, I'm excited you're here.
We rejoice with you.
We'll give you your Bible—be patient with us, but we'll send it to you—we just want to love on you.
It would be a New King James Version or Amplified or something like that.
You can request the Amplified, New King James, or King James, but those are usually the ones we stick with.
We're so excited you're here.
And for those that are here, like, subscribe, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here and pray with us.
For all 53 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
Welcome home.
I'm glad we could pray for you.
That's exciting.
All 53 of you.
We had 70-some plus last night.
We have 53 tonight.
That's wonderful.
We're excited.
We rejoice for every single one of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
You just made the best decision you could have ever made.
So, between the two, over a hundred and some souls in the last two days.
We're excited for all y'all.
Jesus is wonderful and he'll change you from the inside out.
The more you read the Bible, the more you get it down inside of you, the word of God will change you from the inside out.
You'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
It will set you free and make you free.
People will be trying to find other ways of how to get free with counseling and drugs and all kinds of stuff, but the Bible will set you free.
Get that word down in your heart, get it firm, and get it rooted in you.
You're going to be changed from the inside out.
The entrance of his word brings forth light.
And the more you read that word, your eyes will be flooded with light according to Ephesians.
When you read that word, the eyes of your understanding will be enlightened.
You're going to know.
All right.
So, that was that.
Did you have anything else?
No, I don't believe so.
Okay.
Well, we're so grateful.
We're going to pray now for a little bit and then we'll call it a day here.
See if the Holy Spirit wants to show us anything.
We're going to pray over Cuba.
We're going to pray over the rededication on the 16th and 17th.
I was invited to that and I just didn't feel peace about going, but they invited me and told me I could sit down at the front and I thought that was a real big honor.
You know, certain things I've said have been really bold and I just want to make sure I always have my bases covered.
I don't walk in fear, but I know I've said some things to tick a lot of people off.
So, you just have to watch what you're doing, because I've got some people that really like me and then I've got some people that really don't.
So, I'm learning.
But we're excited.
I pray for the people that are going.
I know it's going to be an amazing time.
We're going to pray for them.
We're going to pray for the people who are speaking and we're going to believe for revival to break out for a rebirthing.
What the Lord said last night: a rebirthing of America.
A rebirthing of the baby.
I saw a baby wrapped in a flag again.
This is the second time I've seen this about the same time last year.
And I saw Israel as a baby, and it had a big tooth.
What was up with that?
I don't know.
It had a little curly hair on the top.
And I said, "The baby didn't look too cute.
Israel baby didn't look too cute, but the American baby did.
It looked like one of the Gerber babies.
And it had big chubby cheeks, you know.
" And I said, "That baby looked pretty, but the baby Israel didn't look too pretty.
" I said, "I don't know why.
I'm not trying to be mean.
I'm just being real.
" It had really curly looking hair and it had a big tooth.
I don't know how many infants have teeth, but this infant did; it had a big front tooth.
Looked like a rabbit.
I thought, "What in the world is going on with that rabbit tooth on that baby?
" It was an infant that had teeth already.
So, whatever that's about, I don't know.
The visions what the Lord shows me are kind of funny.
Sometimes I laugh about them after they are over.
I go, "What was that, Lord?
Why did I see a baby with a tooth in his mouth, with curly hair, with a little bow up there, and it said Israel flag?
Then I saw America and it looked real cute like a little Gerber baby.
" And I thought, "Well, that baby in Israel didn't look too pretty; kind of an ugly baby.
" But okay.
So, all right, well, we're going to pray.
Father, we just thank you for the word.
We thank you, Father, for the body that was—that you died for us.
You suffered for us.
We're so grateful for all that you've done.
We're so grateful that you died on the cross for all of us.
And we live by faith and not by sight.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says.
And if God be for us, who can be against us?
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
The greater one lives on the inside of me.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And if he did it, we can do it because as he is, so are we in this world.
And I thank you, Lord, for the body.
And I thank you, God, for what you did.
And I receive it by faith in the name of Jesus.
Lord, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us in Jesus' name and it never loses its power.
We apply the blood over our minds.
We apply the blood over our prayer time tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood.
And if you want to show us anything, Lord, we yield.
We yield to the anointing of the watcher.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we see that which is to come, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
And greater is he, we say it all the time, that is in me than he that is in the world.
Amen and amen.
We plead the blood of Jesus.
Amen.
All right, I'm just going to jump right in that river because I felt the pull when I was praying.
God bless America, land that I love.
Stand beside her and guide her through the night with a light from above.
From the mountain to the prairie to the ocean wide with foam.
God bless America, my home sweet home.
God bless America, land that I love.
Stand beside her and guide her through the night with a light from above.
From the mountains to the prairie to the ocean wide with foam.
God bless America, my home sweet home.
We're so thankful, for we are the land of the free and the home of the brave.
We're so thankful for this time, for this weekend, that we even have a president who would want to rededicate the land back to you.
I don't know what he will say, but Father, I thank you for the covering over his life.
We bless you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that you would see it and that you're not done with America yet.
Father, America will have fresh air in her sails.
No matter how much the tyrants, the deep state, and the far left want to destroy this nation, when the enemy tries to come in, the spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
I believe, Father, the best is yet to come, for the greatest revival we've ever seen will manifest.
Father, you said a great shaking to awaken would happen.
I'm not asking for our politics to be resurrected, but just for the church to get a backbone like a crowbar and stand for what's right.
Let the preachers preach repentance and holiness back in the pulpits; it's time for the sinners to turn from their wicked ways.
We cry out for a holy God to have mercy on us.
We cry out for a holy God, for a nation that's one nation under God, that we will be that nation strong.
We will not falter.
As a nation of prayer, we rise up and pray for our president, the vice president, the cabinet, the Senate, and the House for a shaking unto you, Lord—a shaking from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf to Canada.
We call a major move of God, a shaking to awaken over our land.
We believe.
We receive.
We say, 'Satan, you will not take us.
You'll not have this land.
We will not be a goat nation; we will be a sheep nation.
' We bless Israel and we pray for peace over Jerusalem and over Israel right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray for peace over our land, for you said, 'Those that bless her, I will bless, and those that curse, I will curse.
' We bless them in Jesus' name.
We stand for what you stand for, Lord.
We stand for righteousness, truth, and holiness.
We stand for people that have their heart toward you, that we don't have compromise in us, that there is no mixture.
We're a remnant without spot or wrinkle that you call the bride to your side.
We'll be that church that has that backbone that says, 'Thus far, Satan, and no further.
You'll not take our cities, our towns, our churches, our schools, or our colleges.
' We pray the peace that passes all understanding and a spirit of joy and resurrection of that which was dead.
We call the dry bones to live again—across America, across Europe, across Africa, across Asia, across the Middle East, and across North and South America.
We say, 'Can these bones live, world?
' We call the dry bones to be resurrected and say, 'Come back to life.
' A great revival begins with me and you.
Speak to the dry bones in the valleys.
Can these bones live?
Yes, they can, Lord.
Now, Father, I ask you, just like it was with Finney and Father Nash whenever they went to pray: let the glory fill the whole place.
Let a tangible presence of the Lord begin.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain—a wind, a strange wind, as he declares it out of his mouth.
It will start from the east and go to the west—a wind of change.
I pray for protection: no terrorist attacks, no bombings, no shootings.
No weapon formed against any of them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand.
We cover it in the blood.
We say, 'Angels of the Lord, go manifest around and protect the people.
' We call for the warring angels to go on our behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
For every plot and plan of the wicked to kill, steal, and destroy, to wreak havoc in any way, we say it is not going to happen.
We apply the blood over this land.
We pray over Memorial Day, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, and the monument of the fallen.
We pray over President Trump, JD Vance, Rubio, and the leaders of this nation, that they'll get the Clarity Act done and the SAVE America Act done.
We stand for righteousness and truth, and it will prevail.
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
There's something so patriotic hitting this nation in the days ahead.
There's a patriotism coming.
Do you remember what it was when 9/11 happened?
Everybody was about the event, and there were so many American flags.
I see a patriotism coming across this nation again.
I see a wound coming, an awakening of a sleeping giant.
It looks like a crater with smoke and fire coming from the buildings.
I see a patriotism coming across this land: patriots, cowboy trucks, and big-wheel trucks with flags on them.
I see a shaking to awaken.
It's not like planes like 9/11; this is something else.
It's a building.
I've got to go up higher.
I can see it now.
The devices that will disrupt the airwaves with 911 and the telephones with 911.
I see jamming.
In the hospitals, there are snipers.
Great disruption.
I see trains and railroads.
I hear that song: 'From the lakes of Minnesota to the hills of Tennessee, across the plains of Texas, from sea to shining sea.
' I can hear it playing.
Pride in every American heart.
It's time we stand and say, 'I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free.
And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that life to me.
And I'd gladly stand up next to you.
' There's rallies coming—Republican rallies.
Patriotism.
Now I see a UFO—a flying saucer.
There's something to the files, something on a mountain.
It's a distraction.
I see the sleight of hand.
This thing I see: shaking, shaking.
I pray over our water supply and our power grid, specifically the substations in major cities.
It's the power grid and the substations in Tennessee.
It's the cell towers, the cell service for your cell phones.
Disruption in cell service.
I see hacking in AT&T and the cell service.
There's going to be disruption in the cell service.
When you can't talk on your cell phone, this is from the jammers.
The jammers will block the cell signals.
You're not going to be able to use your cell phone.
The internet will be out.
Starlink will be needed and very useful.
Do you hear me, son?
Because there are hackers coming today.
They're going to attack the internet.
I see Starlink being used.
It will be hard to get it; it is sold out everywhere.
I see Best Buy and these stores, and I don't know why the Lord is showing me this, but I see it concerning the mobile internet.
It's something with these jammers, and it will affect banking.
I see 2028.
It's about the big presidential election campaigning.
Great disruptions to overthrow when they see they're down in the polls.
This is with France too.
Macron in France and Canada.
It's with that plague Macron in his elections.
You see that man, Macron, the man that's homosexual?
They'll be pushing him really hard.
Gabriel is a homosexual.
What does France have to do with this?
Remember I told you Russia and France.
This is the attack trying to protect President Trump.
France, Macron, Obama, and Barack H.
The crown jewel will be the ballroom.
One of the crown jewels of legacies.
Now, I'm going to say this, and this is going to sound really strange, but this is what I see.
I see a great big hornet dressed in a military outfit, like a Green Beret.
The hornet has blue eyes layered with a black ring in the middle.
It's focused angrily, flying towards you with its stinger out.
It has a Green Beret hat with military patches on it, and it's stinging, upset about what I just said.
It has five stars on its shoulders.
They're not happy with Trump; they think more like Democrats.
This is the coup, January 6th on steroids, a 25th Amendment coup.
The Lord said, 'Mad as a hornet.
' It's a hornet, not a bumblebee.
It's a yellow and black hornet.
This general has five stars.
We pray for President Trump today, for no 25th Amendment, and for the people around him.
No coups.
I see the car market is in trouble.
I see Ford and F-150 trucks.
Ford is highlighted as the largest.
They'll want a bailout.
They need bailouts from the government.
I see how much they're asking for; it's a lot of money.
It's coming.
I still see CarMax.
I see the market ripple for a day.
Do you remember 'Cash for Clunkers' to stimulate the car market?
Obama's great plan.
I like to stop when I'm looking in a vision like this and just look at what's going on with the trees and the weather.
I like to see what time of year it is.
Trouble deep.
I see Iran crippled, but I see Iraq growing and flourishing, though there's still so much corruption.
I'm looking into a fall now, possibly 2028.
I can see the crispness of the leaves.
What is going on with the economy?
I see the Summer Olympics with a black shadow over them, an uncertainty.
The Olympics in LA, I see a black shadow like when the lights are off.
I see a skyscraper with just a few lights on and a black shadow over it.
Praying over our nation and 2028.
I see China and the boats.
Father, we just pray for the Clarity Act to push through for the body of Christ.
Father, for the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
I call the rain to come now in 2026 over our land and our finances.
I call the stimulus in this to bring forth the finances for the body of Christ to get this job done.
We call the rain in Jesus' name, the former and the latter: rain over our properties, rain over our finances.
Rain, rain, rain.
I'm focused on the fall; it's got me paused there.
The Lord's got me paused there.
It's September, October, and November of 2028.
Help me to pass through it, Lord; I yield.
Why is there so much black, so much darkness?
What is this?
Why is it highlighted this way?
Take no thought for tomorrow; focus on the harvest now.
Work, scripture Braden: 'Work while it is day, for night comes when no one's able to work.
' The night is coming.
Do you see the darkness?
Work while it is day, my friends, for night is coming.
Jesus answered, 'Neither this man nor his parents sinned, but that the works of God should be revealed in him.
We must work the works of him who sent me while it is day.
The night is coming when no one can work.
' As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.
So I see the light: 2026.
But the darkness, I see darkness.
And I see darkness on the buildings.
Work while you can work.
That's the scripture he just used.
You see the darkness?
Work, because night is coming.
Is there more scripture, son?
That's the New King James Version.
But I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost all over me.
It is stirring in my belly.
Work while it is day, for night is coming.
As long as it is day, we must do the works of him who sent me.
Night is coming when no one can work.
John 9:4.
I like that one.
As long as it is day, we must do the works of him who sent us.
For as he is, so are we in this world.
Night is coming when no one can work.
It's going to be dark.
We must work while it is day.
We must be busy about our Father's business.
2026.
I see darkness coming.
Work while it is day.
Bring in the harvest.
2026, 2027.
Bring in the harvest, church, for I see darkness on the buildings, the trees, the leaves, and the bark.
Work while it is day.
Matthew, stay.
Then Jesus told them, 'You are going to have the light just a little while longer.
Walk while you have the light before darkness overtakes you.
Whoever walks in the dark does not know where they are going.
' That's an interesting one.
So he did that three times, talking about darkness and the light.
Walk and work while it is light.
Out of my mouth are two or three witnesses; let every word be established.
Work while it is day.
As long as it is day, we must do the works of him who sent me.
Night is coming when no one can work.
Darkness is coming.
It felt so cold.
When I was looking at the darkness, I could see it.
It looked so cold.
Bring the harvest in.
Wouldn't it be amazing when the revival starts?
Brother Hagin was talking about it when I spoke to him in heaven and I was in the vision.
The Lord said the revival lasts for two years, starts this summer, goes all the way to 2027 into 2028, and the rapture of the church would be at the Shemitah cycle in 2028.
I'm just talking; don't throw rocks at me.
What is the darkness around 2028?
It's been very hard to get past 2028 in that Shemitah cycle when I hit that wall in November and the election time frame.
Praying over this: when is the Shemitah cycle?
When is Rosh Hashanah of 2028?
Is there a way to find that out yet?
Do they have it announced?
Is it October?
'Work while it is day, for night is coming.
' The revival could last for two years if we see it start taking off this summer.
A patriotism coming on the land, for I see a crater.
Okay, so evening of Wednesday, September 20th of 2028, to Friday, September 22nd, Rosh Hashanah.
That's interesting.
When are the Olympics of 2028?
I saw the Olympics.
I could see darkness on the Olympic something.
July 14th to the 30th, 2028.
It's the summer months.
I saw a patriotism coming to this nation because of a crater.
It looked like some kind of bomb.
It looked like Oklahoma City.
It looked like something shook it.
And I saw patriotism and I could hear 'I'm Proud to Be an American.
' They were playing it.
Praying over our nation, praying over shakings.
And then I saw a UFO on the top of a mountain with a halo at Pikes Peak.
It had snow at the top, looking like a smoke ring, like what I saw above the Vatican.
Father, we call in the rain.
We call in supernatural rain over this nation physically and spiritually.
Our president is protected; JD Vance, Rubio, Byron, and the ones that are running for office like Mike Lindell are protected.
Cover Mike Lindell, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
We cover him; they'll win by a landslide.
In the vision, he was losing steam.
He looked like whenever you see somebody fading like a Back to the Future picture.
Mike Lindell looked like he was trying to fade.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for Michael Lindell because his photo's trying to fade.
' Pray for him to have wind in his sails to finish.
We praise you, Father, for this weekend.
We pray over our nation that we have a rebirthing.
Everyone is protected: President Trump, Don Jr.
, Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron.
We pray protection over the children and even Kai.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them shall fall.
His children are protected.
We pray over the Second Lady and the baby.
We thank you, Lord, for President Trump's wife, Melania.
We call protection over her for their marriage to be strong.
Father, our economy will turn around.
We'll have a shot in the arm.
From the lakes of Minnesota to the hills of Tennessee, across the plains of Texas, from sea to shining sea.
From Detroit down to Houston and New York to LA, there's pride in every American heart, and it's time we stand and say: I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free, and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me.
And I'd gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today, 'cause there ain't no doubt I love this land.
God bless the USA.
Isn't that interesting?
I could hear that.
There's a patriotism coming because of an event.
There's an event coming.
I see an event; it's going to shake a lot of people.
It's going to bring fear to many, but I tell you, fear not, for the Lord is with you.
Fear not, church.
There's an event coming: the shaking to awaken.
The enemy within.
A Red Dawn experience.
D-Day.
A shaking to awaken, church.
Remember, there are major cities full of people that Joe Biden let in—terrorists that have been waiting.
You say, 'Well, how come they haven't done anything yet?
' Because it's not a strike for a strike.
They want to do a fatal blow to our beautiful nation.
It's waiting and waiting.
It's a multi-hundred million-dollar event.
It's big money.
I'm talking about telephone communication, disrupting 911 with our cell towers, our electric grid, and our hospitals.
Remember what he said at the beginning: 'I saw hospitals, I saw our cell towers.
You couldn't call out on AT&T.
' I saw internet being jammed and it was only by satellite, Starlink or something.
I saw an event coming that was planned—very planned, very strategic, and very tactical.
The Lord said, 'Pray for that.
' You should pray.
He kept saying many, many 9/11s.
Not one 9/11 like planes; many, many.
It's a Red Dawn experience.
The enemy within.
So, we thank you, Lord, for keeping our brothers and sisters safe as they go to the prayer vigil this weekend, this rededication with President Trump.
And we thank you for protection around and about our president, around the family, around whoever else is going.
The pastors, the preachers, the prophets, the teachers, the evangelists, everybody who goes, we ask for special protection over them.
And the ones that speak, let them speak with fire and boldness.
Let them speak with fire and boldness, Father, and conviction of the Holy Spirit.
Father, there will be a shock and awe to the crowd as the glory fills this place and a wind comes.
A wind as it happens.
A wind goes through the cities.
A wind.
Mysterious, mysterious wind.
I hear a mysterious wind but recognizable.
A mysterious wind.
The Lord will bring His wind and His rain and His reign.
He's the God of the signs.
Well, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us.
I really feel, you know, I could sit here because the presence of the Lord is so strong.
I feel very strong.
I feel the presence of the Lord.
I'm so grateful for it.
I'm praying over—He said, 'Pray over'—I see New York Yankees games.
Remember the drones?
I pray over these drones.
I pray over this: no weapon formed against the people at the games, baseball games, in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
All right.
Well, God bless you all.
I pray you have a wonderful night.
It's at Central and I kept you for two hours.
I'm so thankful for your two hours.
I try not to abuse your time.
I'm so grateful for every single one of you.
And the Holy Spirit, thank you, too.
We're so thankful for your time.
It's such a blessing that you'd spend your Friday night with me praying.
I feel released to stop praying.
I'm not apologizing for praying; I'm just saying thank you for your time.
So, God bless y'all.
We had 53 salvations.
What a wonderful night.
Remember, thank you for joining us and we'll see you again soon.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.